# Problem 402. “Footballers also love Whiskas”

In the early 1990s, the Whiskas company signed a long-term contract to advertise its brand with the then successful football club in the Australian city of Geelong. Fans called this team the “Geelong Cats” - “Geelong Cats”, which was to the benefit of the global pet food manufacturer. But over time, luck left the “cats”. They began to play worse. The stands were empty during their matches. The cost of television broadcasts was falling. And Whiskas urgently demanded that team captain Harry Hawking either advertise his brand or return the money. And then the consultants of the “cats” came up with an idea, thanks to which, in just one season in 1999 and with almost no costs, debts to sponsors were reduced by $50,000. How did Hocking’s team manage to do this? In the early 1990s, the Whiskas company signed a long-term contract to advertise its brand with the then successful football club in the Australian city of Geelong. Fans called this team the “Geelong Cats” - “Geelong Cats”, which was to the benefit of the global pet food manufacturer. But over time, luck left the “cats”. They began to play worse. The stands were empty during their matches. The cost of television broadcasts was falling. And Whiskas urgently demanded that team captain Harry Hawking either advertise his brand or return the money. And then the consultants of the “cats” came up with an idea, thanks to which, in just one season in 1999 and with almost no costs, debts to sponsors were reduced by $50,000. How did Hawking's team do it?

[Problem Source](https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5720/)