# Problem 1196. “You can’t see the football behind the fog”

At the beginning of the Second World War, German planes began to actively carry out massive raids on England, but the country tried to live a normal life. Thus, in Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland, in 1940 a traditional football championship was held among the teams of the region. All matches were broadcast live on radio. During one of the matches, there was such a dense fog over the football field that the radio commentator from his position could not see the players at all. But the military prohibited canceling the broadcast of the match: then the Germans, who certainly listened to all English radio programs, could guess the weather conditions and send their bombers to Edinburgh. How did the commentator get out of this sticky situation? At the beginning of the Second World War, German planes began to actively carry out massive raids on England, but the country tried to live a normal life. Thus, in Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland, in 1940 a traditional football championship was held among the teams of the region. All matches were broadcast live on radio. During one of the matches, there was such a dense fog over the football field that the radio commentator from his position could not see the players at all. But the military prohibited canceling the broadcast of the match: then the Germans, who certainly listened to all English radio programs, could guess the weather conditions and send their bombers to Edinburgh. How did the commentator get out of the sticky situation?

[Problem Source](https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5647/)