# Problem 1148. Shark tuning of a concept car

In 1961, the automobile company General Motors developed the concept of a new car brand, the XP-755 Mako Shark. which later became the prototype for the third generation Chevrolet Corvette. The design team was led by Bill Mitchell. He was such an avid fisherman that he hung in his office a stuffed mako shark he caught while fishing. The shape of this particular predatory fish inspired Mitchell to create the image of the Mako Shark car. Naturally, Mitchell ordered a similar tuning of the concept car: the dark gray-blue color on top should smoothly transition into a lighter color below. But the designers who got the job couldn't exactly replicate the flowing color pattern on the car's body, like the stuffed mako shark in the boss's office. In order not to provoke the anger of their leader, they resorted to a trick. As a result, Bill Mitchell was pleased, and General Motors received a new stylish car. How did the designers manage to deceive their boss? In 1961, the automobile company General Motors developed the concept of a new car of the XP-755 Mako Shark brand. which later became the prototype for the third generation Chevrolet Corvette. The design team was led by Bill Mitchell. He was such an avid fisherman that he hung in his office a stuffed mako shark he caught while fishing. The shape of this particular predatory fish inspired Mitchell to create the image of the Mako Shark car. Naturally, Mitchell ordered a similar tuning of the concept car: the dark gray-blue color on top should smoothly transition into a lighter color below. But the designers who got the job couldn't exactly replicate the flowing color pattern on the car's body, like the stuffed mako shark in the boss's office. In order not to provoke the wrath of their leader, they resorted to a trick. As a result, Bill Mitchell was pleased, and General Motors received a new stylish car. How did the designers manage to deceive their boss?

(https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5599/)