# Problem 1195. “One piece at a time from a coin – income for a fraudster”

Until the end of the 17th century in England, all cash financial transactions were carried out with silver coins, the value of which was determined by the amount of silver they contained. Therefore, during large trade operations, coins were sometimes simply weighed. But for “small” payments with one or two coins, it was still more convenient to use the denomination of the coins. The scammers quickly realized that if they quietly “pinch off” a piece of silver from a coin, its denomination will not change, and a couple of new coins can be cast from such pieces. To stop this “lawlessness,” in 1696 the English government decided to confiscate all “old” silver coins from the population and exchange them at face value for “new” ones. But how can newly printed coins be protected from flaws and counterfeits? Until the end of the 17th century in England, all cash financial transactions were carried out with silver coins, the value of which was determined by the amount of silver they contained. Therefore, during large trade operations, coins were sometimes simply weighed. But for “small” payments with one or two coins, it was still more convenient to use the denomination of the coins. The scammers quickly realized that if they discreetly “pinch off” a piece of silver from a coin, its denomination will not change, and a couple of new coins can be cast from such pieces. To stop this “lawlessness,” in 1696 the English government decided to confiscate all “old” silver coins from the population and exchange them at face value for “new” ones. But how can newly printed coins be protected from flaws and counterfeits?

(https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5646/)