# Problem 118. “How to get out of the struggle?”

Here is what traveler V. Sundakov writes about his acquaintance with the Tushaua Indian tribe: “The “children of the Moon” liked learning to fight without weapons, playing new games and drawing most of all. The sun was sinking into the jungle. I sat next to an adult warrior named Karakua. In the hands of the Indian is a knife (a small stick, extended by a firmly tied bone, part of a monkey’s rib). Using a knife, the warrior sharpened the tip of the “raffak” - a large double-edged arrowhead. Having finished his work, he deftly transferred the tip to his right hand and suddenly, with a sharp movement, imitated a blow to my chest. Before I could appreciate his joke, my hands automatically performed the usual movement. The Karakua tip flew off to the side, and its owner, poking the back of his head into my knee, froze in an unnatural position. His exclamation of surprise and pain in his wrist attracted the attention of other warriors, and soon I was surrounded by a dense ring of men who wanted to see this and then other simple hand-to-hand combat techniques again and again. The types of weapons changed. Arrows (“cherekave”), used as spears, and a heavy club were also used. Then the fight partners began to change. Stronger warriors rose up to replace those who were falling under the general cries and shrill laughter of their fellow tribesmen. The culmination was the action, the reason for which was my proposal to attack everyone at the same time. I would give a lot to look at it from the outside. Energetically, but as carefully as possible, I again and again freed myself from hot and wet bodies, jumped and tumbled on the damp ground trampled by my bare feet, “working” in passive defense mode, mainly freeing myself from grips and using the strength of the most active opponents against the rest. But the activity of my partners did not fade away...” It is obvious that from such a number of opponents the traveler will get tired and be defeated. But V. Sundakov does not want his defeat. What should he do?

(https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/1807/)