# Problem 133. Raising sunken ships

There are various methods for raising sunken ships. The main method is to use pontoons. These are steel cylindrical containers with a volume of 50 to 500 m3. Sometimes soft pontoons made of multi-layer rubberized fabric are used. Divers at the bottom use hydraulic panels to clean the channels under the hull of the sunken ship, and through these channels they pull cables to which the water-filled (and submerged) pontoons are attached. Then, compressors from the rescue vessel supply compressed air through hoses, displacing water from the pontoons. The pontoons gain lift and float, lifting the ship upward. The method is complex and is applicable only at shallow depths, where divers can work. Another method: a diver runs a hose into the compartment of a sunken ship, and light polystyrene foam balls are pumped into the ship.  The balls displace some of the water, giving the ship buoyancy.  This method is also applicable at shallow depths (for example, it was used to quickly raise a barge with sheep that sank in a bay near a large city to prevent contamination of the water in the bay). The method requires complex equipment. Hungarian inventor László Saszko came up with the idea of ​​displacing water from pontoons (or the hold of a ship) with hydrogen obtained by electrolysis of sea water. He also suggested attaching pontoons to the ship with magnets.  There is no certainty that the magnetic fastening will be sufficiently reliable (and hydrogen is a safe gas...). Let us now formulate the problem: propose a method for lifting a sunken ship from great depths at which it is impossible to use the labor of divers. For simplicity, we will assume that the ship lies level on solid ground. The weight of the ship in the water is 2000 tons. The holds are filled with cargo, for example, ore.  Let us take the depth to be 500 m. The rescue vessel is equipped with an underwater television camera. Solve the problem using ARIZ.

[Problem Source](https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5080/)