# Problem 265. “Electrodeposition of metal hydroxide from a solution of its compound in kerosene”

From a portion of kerosene solution (0.1-5 ml) it is necessary to completely isolate the metal, which is in it in the form of a solution of a complex salt (with a content of 0.01-10 µg/ml), precipitating this metal in the form of a film of its hydroxide, evenly distributed on a metal plate with an area of ​​1-5 cm. Such a preparation, after being calcined at 300-400°C, is suitable for measuring the amount of metal in radiometric or x-ray analysis methods. To do this, they usually proceed as follows: a portion of a solution in kerosene is mixed with an aqueous solution of such a chemical composition (P-1), which is well known in the chemical laboratory and promotes almost complete transition into an aqueous solution (with 2-3 repetitions of contact by stirring two immiscible phases). After separation, this aqueous solution is diluted with another aqueous solution (P-2), the composition of which promotes almost complete and rapid electrodeposition of a metal hydroxide film on the cathode. The stage of transferring into an aqueous solution from a solution in kerosene requires manual work for 1-2 hours. The electrodeposition stage takes 15-20 minutes. Disadvantages of this known method: its multi-stage nature and duration, the need to dilute the first aqueous solution (R-1) at least 10 times with the second solution (R-2), because of this there are significant losses metal of the original sample due to dilution. How to improve this method of preparing preparations for radiophysical measurements? How to speed up the method, increase the completeness of selection and reduce manual work? Source: Sat. CRISIS - CNTI, 1992, p. 81-82.

[Problem Source](https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/5120/)