# Problem 1445. Invisible hacking

In one supermarket there was a slot machine in which various useful little things were suspended behind glass on strings - inexpensive watches, cell phones, portable speakers, headphones, etc. For a small fee, you could control the joystick and use scissors moving inside the machine to cut the threads and get the selected item. There were plenty of people wanting to play. But the owners of the machine deliberately untwisted and blunted the scissors. It was impossible to receive a prize, and money for an unattainable win arrived regularly. Imagine the surprise of the owners of the machine when they discovered that more than half of the winnings were missing from the machine. However, no one hacked the machine. The dull scissors were in place. And there was no money in the coin acceptor at all. So someone cut the threads outside. But how? In one supermarket there was a slot machine in which various useful little things were suspended behind the glass on strings - inexpensive watches, cell phones, portable speakers, headphones, etc. For a small fee, you could control the joystick and use scissors moving inside the machine to cut the threads and get the selected item. There were plenty of people wanting to play. But the owners of the machine deliberately untwisted and blunted the scissors. It was impossible to receive a prize, and money for an unattainable win arrived regularly. Imagine the surprise of the owners of the machine when they discovered that more than half of the winnings were missing from the machine. However, no one hacked the machine. The dull scissors were in place. And there was no money in the coin acceptor at all. So someone cut the threads outside. But how?   In one supermarket there was a slot machine in which various useful little things were suspended behind glass on strings - inexpensive watches, cell phones, portable speakers, headphones, etc. For a small fee, you could control the joystick and use scissors moving inside the machine to cut the threads and get the selected item. There were plenty of people wanting to play. But the owners of the machine deliberately untwisted and blunted the scissors. It was impossible to receive a prize, and money for an unattainable win arrived regularly. Imagine the surprise of the owners of the machine when they discovered that more than half of the winnings were missing from the machine. However, no one hacked the machine. The dull scissors were in place. And there was no money in the coin acceptor at all. So someone cut the threads outside. But how?

[Problem Source](https://www.trizland.ru/tasks/6216/)